#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements
bbPress is forum software with a twist from the creators of WordPress.

= The Skinny =

bbPress is plain and simple forum software, plain and simple. It’s easy to use, easy to administrate, fast and clean. But don’t let its simplicity deceive you; underneath the gleam, it’s got some powerful features and is highly customizable.


= Philosophy =

bbPress is still pretty new, but we’re certain of a few things:

  * Open Source, always and forever 
  * Less (code) is more 
  * Simplicity is a feature 
  * Speed and security are the foundation of any good user experience 
  * Put the user first 
  * Every line of code is written with these principles in mind, and if that sounds good to you maybe you can help out!

= Features =

We can’t list everything that bbPress can do, but here’s a few of our our favorite features.

  * Fast and light
We keep our code lean so that you get the best experience possible. 

  * Simple interface
One of our biggest goals is to keep things simple and make things intuitive. Our dream is that you forget you’re even using the software. 

  * Customizable templates
Not everybody likes the same pair of pants, so we allow you to dress up your forums however you like. 

  * Highly extensible
bbPress can’t toast your bagels, but a plugin for it sure could! 

  * Spam protection
A built in Akismet client offers you an amazing weapon against spam. 

  * RSS Feeds
You want feeds? We get ‘em; they’re everywhere. 

  * Easy integration with your blog
WordPress and bbPress are siblings, and they get along together a lot better than you and your brother did when you were kids!